these are
two keyboards that i've been looking
forward to for quite a while they
announced them in the fall of 2018 and
they showcase some demos of them at ces
these are the sk 630 and the sk650 from
cooler master they're very nice looking
keyboards and the whole
purpose of this particular keyboard is
that it's a low profile
just aesthetically pleasing keyboard and
they look really good i think a lot of
people are going to be interested in
these devices because of how good they
look
now i got these about two weeks ago i've
been using them since then
and my initial impressions of these
particular keyboards were kind of
lukewarm but i thought i'd try to use
them for a while
try to get used to them and the more i
use them and the more i kind of like
opened them up and played with them i
realized that
these are just not good keyboards and i
just don't think most people should be
buying them
or this particular type of keyboard let
me explain
these are marketed as low profile
keepers and just right off the bat if
you compare it to a real
low profile keyboard this is another
keyword i'll talk about later but this
to me
is an actual low profile keyboard it's
called the keycron
k1 this is like half the height of this
the cooler master is noticeably taller
and it just no longer feels like a low
profile keyboard if anything
it feels very similar to just like a
regular keyboard so
right off the bat it's not really a low
profile keyboard and the reason for that
uh i guess the best way to explain this
is to open it up
i probably should have done this in
advance this keyboard has a lot of
screws i think it's like 12 15 screws
most keyboards that have opened up are
significantly easier to get into
this one's not hard it's just time
consuming
now if you end up buying this keyboard
and you do want to open it up just
a tip there's two screws underneath the
spacebar and then there's another screw
on the bottom of the keyboard underneath
the escape button so top left of the
keyboard
is underneath the rubber foot
okay so on the inside i just want to
draw attention to two things
the pcb is pretty clean like there's no
like super sloppy soldering i think that
it's like a
i don't know it's cooler master they
usually make good keyboards and they've
done a good job on the pcb
i do wish that the usb connection so it
uses usb-c which is great
but the actual connector is not directly
on the pcb so they've actually had to
have a secondary
kind of piece and that makes the whole
device a little bit more elevated which
is why the device isn't as low profile
as it could
or should be and the other thing i'll
just demonstrate this real quickly
this connector it's usbc it's
technically universal
but it's a relatively proprietary cable
size like you can't stick
most usb-c cables to this the one they
include is perfectly fit obviously
but i've tried several other usb-c
cables and not all of them fit so just
keep that in mind
now another thing i noticed is that at
the bottom of the keyboard tray
you'll see kind of like two spaces which
i think are
for other variants of this keyboard so
when they originally announced this
thing they said that it was going to
have a wireless version of this and this
might be like spots for batteries
but they've designed this case to be a
low profile
mechanical keyboard but it's just not i
mean it's just it's not low profile
and there's one real big reason as to
why this isn't low profile it's the
actual switches themselves
so these switches are cherry reds
they are low profile cherry reds and
okay i love cherry switches some of my
favorite keyboard switches are made by
cherry
but they've only recently gone into the
low profile game
this over here i will show is
a other company this keyboard switch is
also a low profile switch but they've
designed this switch
so that the keycaps insert into the
switch itself and it
just makes the whole switch a little bit
more flatter and shorter
the cherry low profile switch uses your
standard cherry stem which might seem
like a good idea at first because you
could switch key caps and such
but the problem is that this stem is a
lot higher
and it inserts into the key so just the
whole mechanism becomes
a lot taller than your standard low
profile switch and just makes this
keyboard
not feel like an actual low profile
keyboard the typing experience isn't
great
but i don't mind the switches they feel
similar to regular
cherry reds they obviously bottom out
quicker but they actually feel a little
bit stiffer to me
okay so i also want to talk about the
keycaps themselves i'm going to go back
to the
properly assembled version of this
keyboard
these keycaps are not good they look
awesome they look really really nice
they just look very clean and just
boxy and industrial it's wild's
attracted to this keyboard
but they just type really poorly and
originally i couldn't figure out what it
was that i didn't like about these
keycaps
and it's two things the dish is pretty
shallow but that's something that you
can kind of get used to over time at
least for myself
the biggest problem though is the
spacing between each keycap like
when you're typing on this thing you're
constantly making contact with the other
keys and even if it doesn't make you
have
typos like you may not be pressing those
other keys but the fact that you can
feel them constantly while you type is
just an irritating experience and it's
just not a comfortable keyboard to use
and you might think hey i'll swap out
the keycaps to something that i do like
because it's running cherry stems
problem is they're running proprietary
stabilizers so none of the keycaps that
i had
would fit onto this keyboard which is
honestly a big shame
it is such a nice looking keyboard the
rgb lighting is really good they add
some nice software that lets you do a
lot of stuff with it
the metal finish on the top looks nice
the layout of the keyboard is good
but there's so much i dislike about this
keyboard that i can't recommend it to
anyone
and it's not the keycap or the switch
individually like
if they'd use this switch with a
different type of key cap it could have
worked
and if vice versa it could have worked
if you really want something like this
so like if you really want
a low profile keyboard that is
mechanical
there is something else on the market
that i still don't think this is perfect
this is a lower profile keyboard it's
the kikron k1
and this is a better implementation of a
low profile
mechanical switched keyboard so this is
using chiclet keys as well
but they've got a blue switch in here
and they've just made a low profile
mechanical keyboard
a lot better than cooler master did for
a lot cheaper too and it's wireless so
if you want to check either of these
things out i'll link them below
but seriously for most people i just do
not recommend
the cooler master sk650 or 630.
okay hope you guys enjoyed this video
thumbs if you liked it subs if you loved
it
see you guys next time